Snapshot Engine (#364)
oxheadalpha/tezos-k8s: charts/snapshot-warmer/README.md

# Snapshot Warmer

For 1 Kubernetes Namespace this Helm Chart creates -

* 2 Kubernetes **Deployments**
* Kubernetes **Role**
* Kubernetes **Rolebinding**
* Kubernetes **Service** Account
* Kubernetes **ClusterRoleBinding**

This continuously takes AWS EBS Volume Snapshots of a Tezos-node and makes them available as Kubernetes VolumeSnapshots.

The reason for this is the longer you wait to take an EBS snapshot, the longer it takes to actually create the snapshot of an AWS EBS Volume.  

If we continuously take snapshots, this assures that the artifact creation process does not have to wait for a snapshot to complete and also always has the newest data to work with.

## Dependencies & Testing

> This Helm Chart is dependent on AWS IAM Roles, AWS OIDC Trust Policy, the AWS EKS CSI driver, and AWS IAM policy to perform actions on AWS resources from Kubernetes Pods.
> 
> All of these resources can be deployed to a real AWS EKS cluster with https://github.com/oxheadalpha/oxheadinfra. However testing in minikube without AWS mocking tools would not be possible.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention oxheadinfra in this repo. We can just say you need an EKS cluster. 
 
Also I'm thinking that we should have a full list of all the IAM roles, policies, configurations, etc that we know we need, and provide them in this readme or something. Otherwise it is very unclear how to fully deploy a working chart. 

```suggestion
This Helm Chart is configured to work only with an AWS EKS cluster. It requires AWS IAM Roles and Policies, an AWS OIDC provider, and the EKS CSI driver to perform necessary actions on AWS resources from Kubernetes Pods.

Testing in minikube without AWS mocking tools is not possible. You should create your own EKS cluster to test.
```
